LICENSE AGREEMENT

Copyright © Point-Free, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”) to use and redistribute the Software subject to the following restrictions:

* The Software, as available to you through this license, may be used, copied or distributed in its entirety for educational purposes only, including without limitation noncommercial learning, development and research purposes and shall serve exclusively as an educational resource for you and others to learn from; provided that you may use less than the entirety of the Software (e.g., part of the code base) in a commercial project or code base that does not constitute a replica of or otherwise directly compete with the Software in its entirety (collectively, the “Permitted Purpose”).
* You may not use, copy or redistribute the Software in its entirety in any manner primarily intended for or directed towards commercial advantage or monetary compensation, including without limitation selling altered or unaltered versions of Software in its entirety, or including advertisements of any kind in altered or unaltered versions of this Software in its entirety. This means that you cannot create an exact replica of the Software in its entirety for commercial purposes or monetary gain.
* You may not distribute the Software in its entirety or exact replicas thereof for any purpose through an application store, software repository or similar means.
* If you are interested in using or distributing the Software in a manner that is beyond the Permitted Purpose, you should contact the copyright holder to discuss the terms of a potential licensing arrangement.
* If you distribute or share the Software or any work based on the Software, the recipient automatically receives a license to use the Software subject to this license and limited to the Permitted Purpose.  You may not eliminate any restrictions or impose any further restrictions beyond those set forth herein on the exercise of the rights granted under this license.
* The above copyright notice and this license shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.  You may not misrepresent the origin of the Software, including claiming that you wrote the original software.  Altered versions of the Software must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OF THIS SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING FROM OR IN RELATION TO THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE THEREOF.
